Ronghui (Bruce) Ma
Brucema234@tamu.edu | linkedin.com/in/bruce-ma07| github.com/Bruce-Ma234
Education														
Texas A&M University, College Station, TX                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Expected graduation in 2029 with Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering, GPA 4.0
Relevant Coursework: Python Programming, C++ Programming

Technical Skills														                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Java, Python, exposed to various other programming languages, game development, robotics

Project and Collaboration Experience											
Aggies Invent Pantex
Led efforts in a team robotic project development addressing a need statement for safe handling of high explosive materials for Pantex.
Prototype is designed to handle about 3 times the weight of high explosive materials as the company typically transfers.
Experienced real-world industry work and formed excellent prototyping and pitching skills. Earned best presentation award.
Aggie Quest
Developed an app with a team aimed to monitor and improve students’ mental health awareness by at least 100% by generating a task everyday that adjusts in difficulty depending on user performance. 
Built using Python algorithms and website development in a 24-hour hackathon. Tech stack: Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Flask.
Akinator
Determines an item from asking user questions to a user. Uses binary search trees and traversals to eliminate certain branches of possibilities and arrive at an answer. Tech stack: Java.
Minesweeper
Remake of Minesweeper. Applies Java graphics, 2D arrays, and flood fill algorithm to generate mines and control appropriate square tiles to open upon a user click. Tech stack: Java.

Work Experience													                                                                                                                                                                                                             
iCode: Intern
Taught at a coding academy and instructed 12 courses with around 5 students each between ages of 5-13 STEM subjects such as block coding, Python, Ruby, game development with Unity, Construct 3, and robotics for 2 years.
Developed exceptional teaching experience, communication, and problem solving skills by planning 2 lesson plans per week to convey computer and engineering related material while also making it as enjoyable as possible for students.
TAMU ThinkTank: Website Developer
Assumed the role of backend developer for a project and competition focused university organization that processes 100 - 200 applications each semester. 
Served as a secondary team lead and communicated effectively with team members to fulfill tasks given. 
Gained knowledge of real-life work environments and expectations. Tech stack: Typescript.

Leadership Experience													
Boy Scouts of America (Patrol Leader) - Enhanced team awareness, leadership abilities, discipling skills, and organization skills by administering and coordinating events for campouts, volunteering work, and other planned activities.                                                                                         
Aggies in Tech - Business technology certificate program emphasizing leadership, professional development, industry affiliations, marketing, and academic rigor.

University Organizations												
TAMU ThinkTank
Texas A&M Computing Society
Aggie Competitive Programming Club

Other Skills and Interests												
Languages - English, Mandarin.
Interests - Game development, chess, cycling, and hiking.
